feat(curriculum): add Block 15 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#59354)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-manage-a-conversation/67e6a0742481f03cdd8485c3.md

---
id: 67e6a0742481f03cdd8485c3
title: Task 71
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-71
---

<!-- (Audio) Jessica: If you don't mind, I'd like to take a few minutes to explain it to the rest of the team. It might impact their work as well. -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

Which of the answers below could Tom use to authorize Jessica to do what she'd like to do?

## --answers--

`That's fine. Go ahead.`

---

`Let's talk about it some other time.`

### --feedback--

This delays the conversation and doesn't give her permission.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

`Go ahead` is a phrase used to give someone permission to begin or continue with something. It shows approval in a friendly way. For example:

> - Person A: `Can I ask a question?` — This person is asking for authorization to do something.
> 
> - Person B: `Sure, go ahead.` – This means person A is allowed to ask their question now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Person 1: `Can I ask a question?` — This person is asking for authorization to do something.

- Person 2: `Sure, go ahead.` – This means person 1 is allowed to ask their question now.
```
